chore(blog): add conference'25 summary (#5030)
asyncapi/website: markdown/blog/2025-conference-summary.md

<a href='https://www.apidays.global/' target='_blank'>
<img src='/img/posts/2023-summary/apidays-logo-2023.png' alt='apidays' width='500px' />
</a>

<a href='https://apiconf.net/' target='_blank'>
<img src='/img/posts/2025-blog-banner/apiconf.png' alt='apiconflagos' width='500px' />
</a>

### Financial Sponsors
To facilitate travel, have MCs on-site to support the events and cover logistics for shipping swag. It was because of our Financial [Gravitee](https://www.gravitee.io) and [IBM](https://www.ibm.com). We appreciate them for their support.

<a href='https://www.gravitee.io' target='_blank'>
<img src='/img/sponsors/gravitee.png' alt='gravitee.io' width='500px' />
</a>

<a href='https://www.ibm.com/' target='_blank'>
<img src='/img/sponsors/ibm.png' alt='ibm' width='500px' />
</a>

### Where The Funds Went

We sponsored travel for **13 individuals** to attend the conferences, both locally and internationally. We also reimbursed for the cheat sheet printing and shipped swags to major locations.

## API Standards Booth

> // Lukasz to add something, feedback maybe, lessons?

Author: @derberg

Reviewer: not sure really what I can do here

```
API Standards booth in Paris was super busy. We had representatives from AsyncAPI, GraphQL and JSON Schema. Our initiative of having vendor-neutral booth with open source API standards reached momentum where there are too many of us, which is good, this means we want to share space togethere and have discussions. You can also join at https://groups.io/g/api-standards and help drive the initiative further. See the messages and discussion on Paris retrospective.
```

unfortunately I do not have pics from booth - official photos from API Days didn't catch out booth

Here’s how it went.

## Planning 
With the growing partnership we have with APIdays, we had the opportunity to run the AsyncAPI track at five venues, and API Conf Lagos hosted it in Lagos. The experience wouldn’t be complete without the Online Conference.

So in 2025, we were present in three new locations, expanding our reach, and had 41% of new speakers share their expertise at each conference, bringing the total to 39 speakers across all the events.

For detailed summaries of each event, please read:

- [Singapore Edition](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/2025-singapore-conf-summary)
- [Munich + Lagos Edition](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/2025-july-summary)
- [London Edition](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/2025-september-summary)
- [Bangalore + Online Edition](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/2025-october-summary)
- [Paris Edition](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/2025-december-summary)

## Challenges
We are growing in capacity, so there were instances when we had great talks but limited slots, and we had to sacrifice introductory talks on what exactly AsyncAPI is, especially in new venues or for folks encountering us for the first time.

> Secondly, there were instances when communication was slow, and most planning and scheduling happened at the last minute. Huge thanks to the speakers for understanding and to the community members for stepping up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Secondly, there were instances when communication was slow, due to which most planning and scheduling happened at the last minute. Huge thanks to the speakers for understanding and to the community members for stepping up.
```

Author: @TRohit20 the context I had is correct here

## Attendance

> The turnout at most events was amazing, and we had full rooms with attendees engaging with the speakers, asking questions. But the real conference usually happens in the hallway and at the API Standards booth, where our maintainers and community members have conversations, ask questions about the community, and share how they can get involved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The turnout at most events was amazing, and we had room full of attendees engaging with the speakers, asking questions. But the real conference usually happens in the hallway and at the API Standards booth, where our maintainers and community members have conversations, ask questions about the community, and share how they can get involved.
```

Author: Same here
